docs(refactor): Refactoring of Documentation (#453)
google/A2A: README.md

# Agent2Agent (A2A) Protocol

![A2A Banner](docs/assets/a2a-banner.png)
[![Apache License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Apache_2.0-blue.svg)](LICENSE)

**An open protocol enabling communication and interoperability between opaque agentic applications.**

> The Agent2Agent (A2A) protocol, an initiative by Google, addresses a critical challenge in the AI landscape: enabling AI agents, built on diverse frameworks and by various vendors, to communicate and collaborate effectively. A2A aims to provide a common language for agents, fostering a more interconnected, powerful, and innovative AI ecosystem.

Reviewer: The Agent2Agent (A2A) protocol addresses a critical challenge in the AI landscape: enabling gen AI agents, built on diverse frameworks by different companies running on separate servers, to communicate and collaborate effectively - as agents, not just as tools. A2A aims to provide a common language for agents, fostering a more interconnected, powerful, and innovative AI ecosystem.

> The Agent2Agent (A2A) protocol, an initiative by Google, addresses a critical challenge in the AI landscape: enabling AI agents, built on diverse frameworks and by various vendors, to communicate and collaborate effectively. A2A aims to provide a common language for agents, fostering a more interconnected, powerful, and innovative AI ecosystem.

Author: ```suggestion
The Agent2Agent (A2A) protocol addresses a critical challenge in the AI landscape: enabling gen AI agents, built on diverse frameworks by different companies running on separate servers, to communicate and collaborate effectively - as agents, not just as tools. A2A aims to provide a common language for agents, fostering a more interconnected, powerful, and innovative AI ecosystem.
```

With A2A, agents can:

- Discover each other's capabilities.
- Negotiate interaction modalities (text, forms, media).

> - Securely manage collaborative tasks.

Reviewer: - Securely collaborate on long running tasks.

> - Securely manage collaborative tasks.

Reviewer 2: We can do this later.

> - Securely manage collaborative tasks.

Author: ```suggestion
- Securely collaborate on long running tasks.
```

- Operate without exposing their internal state, memory, or tools.

## See A2A in Action

Watch [this demo video](https://storage.googleapis.com/gweb-developer-goog-blog-assets/original_videos/A2A_demo_v4.mp4) to see how A2A enables seamless communication between different agent frameworks.

## Why A2A?

As AI agents become more prevalent, their ability to interoperate is crucial for building complex, multi-functional applications. A2A aims to:

- **Break Down Silos:** Connect agents across different ecosystems.
- **Enable Complex Collaboration:** Allow specialized agents to work together on tasks that a single agent cannot handle alone.
- **Promote Open Standards:** Foster a community-driven approach to agent communication, encouraging innovation and broad adoption.
- **Preserve Opacity:** Allow agents to collaborate without needing to share internal memory, proprietary logic, or specific tool implementations, enhancing security and protecting intellectual property.

### Key Features

> - **Standardized Communication:** JSON-RPC 2.0 over HTTP(S).

Reviewer: are we changing this to include gRPC?
